Data Analysis and Visualization Project for the Mintic Bootcamp.

***Analysis of data and information about CLIMATE CHANGE, what causes it, its effects, 
its consequences at the level for Colombia and the world, specific, general information. 
The interaction with other climatic variables and life on earth.
The project consists of documentation, scientific data, analytical documentation, data visualization. 
And a document of the project development process.
The information was collected from open and public data from multiple referenced information sources, available on the web and virtual libraries.***

El proyecto para el Botcamp se llama : Análisis de datos y de la información sobre el cambio climático, lo que lo causa, sus efectos, sus consecuencias a nivel para Colombia y el mundo, 
información puntual, general. La interacción con las otras variables climáticas y la vida en la tierra.
El proyecto consta de documentación, datos científicos, documentación analítica, visualización de datos. 
Y un documento del proceso de elaboración del proyecto.
La información fue recopilada de datos abiertos y públicos de múltiples fuentes de información referenciadas, disponibles en la web.

Results are still available using FTP protocol, this remains unchanged.
In addition to the historical FTP access, it is proposed an application programming interface (API) using GET method which gives access to machine readable data regarding various time scales. 
The method to access these data is using HTTP/HTTPS protocol: This can be done using utilities to transfer data from a server (such as cURL, wget or any programming languages supporting HTTP protocol).
Data are provided in standard exchange format, such as JSON, CSV and text. 

See below documentations related to each version of the API.

Version	Documentation	Date	Changes|Features
0.1	Obsolete	17/02/2020	test version, decommissioned on 31/03/2023
0.2-beta	Access here	02/06/2021	test version
fix : incorrect formatting when failure
fix : format change: left alignment of MJD in TXT files
feature : New features in JSON file (data statistics)
feature : Execution error codes improved and debug messages added
https://webtai.bipm.org/api/index.html



